beer == beer
wine == wine
beer != wine
audio == audio
video == video
video == video
ice == ice
ice != jam
jam == jam
salt == salt
sugar == sugar
sugar == sugar
pens == pens
p == p
p == p
small != s
t == t
t == t
leaf == leaf
rece == rece
rece == rece
g == g
books == books
books == books
perf == perf
water == water
water == water
coc == coc
her == her
her == her
tea == tea
coffee == coffee
coffee == coffee
blood == blood
ur == ur
ur == ur
socks == socks
scar == scar
scar == scar
video != videos
photos == photos
photos == photos
wallet == wallet
sne == sne
wallet != sne
sand == sand
beer == beer
beer == beer
clothes == clothes
vegetables == vegetables
vegetables == vegetables
jazz == jazz
disco == disco
disco == disco
soap != lav
sand == sand
sand == sand
chocolate == chocolate
pop == pop
pop == pop
beer == beer
beer == beer
" != beer
audio == audio
video != audio
audio == audio
ice == ice
ice == ice
" != ice
sugar != salt
salt == salt
sugar != salt
pens == pens
p != pens
p != pens
t != s
t != s
" != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
leaf == leaf
g == g
g == g
g == g
perf == perf
water != perf
" != perf
coc == coc
her != coc
her != coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
tea == tea
ur != blood
blood == blood
ur != blood
socks == socks
socks == socks
socks == socks
video != videos
videos == videos
videos == videos
wallet == wallet
sne != wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
vegetables != clothes
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
jazz == jazz
jazz == jazz
" != jazz
soap != lav
what != lav
lav == lav
chocolate == chocolate
what != chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
orange != beer
orange != beer
ice == ice
ice == ice
jam != ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
sugar != salt
pens == pens
p != pens
p != pens
small != s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
rece != leaf
g == g
books != g
books != g
milk == milk
water != milk
water != milk
coc == coc
her != coc
her != coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
red != blood
ur != blood
ur != blood
socks == socks
scar != socks
scar != socks
wallet == wallet
sne != wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
vegetables != clothes
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
pop != chocolate
beer == beer
beer == beer
beer == beer
audio == audio
video != audio
video != audio
ice == ice
ice == ice
jam != ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
sugar != salt
pens == pens
p != pens
p != pens
small != s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
rece != leaf
g == g
books != g
books != g
perf == perf
water != perf
water != perf
coc == coc
her != coc
her != coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
blood == blood
ur != blood
ur != blood
video != videos
photos != videos
photos != videos
wallet == wallet
sne != wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
vegetables != clothes
CD != jazz
disco != jazz
disco != jazz
soap != lav
sand != lav
sand != lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
pop != chocolate
beer == beer
wine != beer
wine != beer
audio == audio
: != audio
video != audio
ice == ice
jam != ice
jam != ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
sugar != salt
pens == pens
p != pens
p != pens
s == s
: != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
rece != leaf
g == g
books != g
books != g
perf == perf
water != perf
water != perf
coc == coc
her != coc
her != coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
ur != blood
ur != blood
ur != blood
socks == socks
scar != socks
socks == socks
photos != videos
videos == videos
photos != videos
wallet == wallet
sne != wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
vegetables != clothes
jazz == jazz
disco != jazz
disco != jazz
soap != lav
sand != lav
sand != lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
wine != beer
wine != beer
audio == audio
video != audio
" != audio
ice == ice
jam != ice
jam != ice
pens == pens
p != pens
p != pens
s == s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
rece != leaf
perf == perf
water != perf
water != perf
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
socks == socks
scar != socks
scar != socks
videos == videos
photos != videos
photos != videos
packing != keyboard
m != keyboard
m != keyboard
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
jazz == jazz
disco != jazz
disco != jazz
lav == lav
sand != lav
sand != lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
pop != chocolate
yellow == yellow
red == red
: != red
cup == cup
drawer == drawer
: != drawer
Ed == Ed
D == D
D == D
_ != shed
house == house
following != house
fence == fence
shed == shed
shed == shed
basket == basket
box == box
: != box
green == green
still != blue
still != blue
laundry == laundry
washing == washing
_ != washing
now != broken
still != rep
still != rep
free == free
fr == fr
: != fr
reception == reception
conference == conference
following != conference
checking == checking
savings == savings
savings == savings
green == green
blue == blue
: != blue
Oxford == Oxford
Not == Not
Not == Not
Internal == Internal
Finance == Finance
Finance == Finance
which != Armen
A == A
A == A
templates == templates
docs != doc
docs != doc
right == right
left == left
left == left
_ != Y
X == X
X == X
basket != box
basket == basket
: != basket
_ != right
left != right
: != right
cup == cup
drawer != cup
: != cup
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
D != Ed
shed == shed
house != shed
following != shed
fence == fence
shed != fence
shed != fence
basket == basket
box != basket
: != basket
dry == dry
washing != dry
: != dry
now != broken
now != broken
still != broken
free == free
fr != free
: != free
templates == templates
docs != templates
docs != templates
Y == Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
chest != box
_ != box
_ != yellow
red != yellow
: != yellow
counter != cup
shelf != cup
shelf != cup
_ != basket
box != basket
: != basket
_ != sofa
couch != sofa
_ != sofa
blue != green
blue != green
blue != green
Y == Y
X != Y
X != Y
basket != box
basket != box
: != box
yellow == yellow
red != yellow
: != yellow
cup == cup
drawer != cup
: != cup
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
D != Ed
shed == shed
house != shed
_ != shed
neighbor != fence
one != fence
one != fence
basket == basket
box != basket
: != basket
green == green
now != green
: != green
dry != laundry
washing != laundry
_ != laundry
broken == broken
broken == broken
: != broken
free == free
fr != free
: != free
possession != reception
conference != reception
following != reception
checking == checking
savings != checking
: != checking
Oxford == Oxford
Not != Oxford
Not != Oxford
Internal == Internal
Finance != Internal
Finance != Internal
which != Armen
A != Armen
Nag != Armen
templates == templates
docs != templates
templates == templates
Y == Y
X != Y
X != Y
basket != box
basket != box
: != box
yellow == yellow
yellow == yellow
: != yellow
cup == cup
drawer != cup
: != cup
D != Ed
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
shed == shed
shed == shed
_ != shed
basket == basket
basket == basket
: != basket
green == green
now != green
: != green
_ != laundry
washing != laundry
_ != laundry
now != broken
now != broken
still != broken
free == free
free == free
: != free
conference != reception
reception == reception
following != reception
savings != checking
savings != checking
: != checking
Not == Not
Oxford != Not
Not == Not
Internal == Internal
Finance != Internal
Finance != Internal
templates == templates
docs != templates
templates == templates
_ != Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
basket != box
: != box
