beer == beer
wine == wine
beer != wine
audio == audio
video == video
video == video
ice == ice
jam == jam
jam == jam
salt == salt
sugar == sugar
salt != sugar
pens == pens
p == p
pens != p
s == s
t == t
t == t
leaf == leaf
rece == rece
rece == rece
g == g
books == books
g != books
perf == perf
perf != water
water == water
coc == coc
her == her
her == her
tea == tea
coffee == coffee
coffee == coffee
blood == blood
ur == ur
ur == ur
socks == socks
scar == scar
scar == scar
videos == videos
photos == photos
photos == photos
wallet == wallet
wallet != sne
wallet != sne
sand == sand
beer == beer
beer == beer
clothes == clothes
vegetables == vegetables
vegetables == vegetables
jazz == jazz
disco == disco
disco == disco
lav == lav
sand == sand
sand == sand
chocolate == chocolate
pop == pop
chocolate != pop
beer == beer
beer == beer
beer == beer
audio == audio
video != audio
video != audio
ice == ice
jam != ice
ice == ice
salt == salt
salt == salt
sugar != salt
pens == pens
pens == pens
pens == pens
s == s
t != s
s == s
leaf == leaf
leaf == leaf
leaf == leaf
g == g
g == g
g == g
water != perf
water != perf
perf == perf
coc == coc
coc == coc
coc == coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
tea == tea
blood == blood
blood == blood
ur != blood
socks == socks
socks == socks
socks == socks
video != videos
videos == videos
videos == videos
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
sand == sand
sand == sand
clothes == clothes
clothes == clothes
clothes == clothes
jazz == jazz
jazz == jazz
jazz == jazz
lav == lav
lav == lav
lav == lav
chocolate == chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
orange != beer
beer == beer
ice == ice
jam != ice
jam != ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
salt == salt
pens == pens
p != pens
pens == pens
s == s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
leaf == leaf
g == g
books != g
g == g
milk == milk
water != milk
water != milk
coc == coc
coc == coc
coc == coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
blood == blood
ur != blood
ur != blood
socks == socks
scar != socks
scar != socks
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
vegetables != clothes
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
wine != beer
beer == beer
audio == audio
video != audio
video != audio
ice == ice
ice == ice
jam != ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
salt == salt
pens == pens
p != pens
pens == pens
s == s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
leaf == leaf
g == g
books != g
books != g
perf == perf
water != perf
water != perf
coc == coc
coc == coc
her != coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
tea == tea
blood == blood
ur != blood
ur != blood
videos == videos
videos == videos
photos != videos
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
clothes == clothes
jazz == jazz
disco != jazz
disco != jazz
lav == lav
sand != lav
sand != lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
beer == beer
beer == beer
audio == audio
video != audio
audio == audio
ice == ice
ice == ice
ice == ice
salt == salt
sugar != salt
salt == salt
pens == pens
p != pens
pens == pens
s == s
s == s
s == s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
leaf == leaf
g == g
books != g
g == g
perf == perf
perf == perf
perf == perf
coc == coc
coc == coc
coc == coc
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
blood == blood
blood == blood
blood == blood
socks == socks
scar != socks
socks == socks
videos == videos
videos == videos
videos == videos
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
wallet == wallet
sand == sand
beer != sand
sand == sand
clothes == clothes
vegetables != clothes
clothes == clothes
jazz == jazz
disco != jazz
jazz == jazz
lav == lav
sand != lav
sand != lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
chocolate == chocolate
beer == beer
wine != beer
wine != beer
audio == audio
video != audio
video != audio
ice == ice
jam != ice
jam != ice
pens == pens
p != pens
pens == pens
s == s
t != s
t != s
leaf == leaf
rece != leaf
leaf == leaf
perf == perf
water != perf
water != perf
tea == tea
coffee != tea
coffee != tea
socks == socks
scar != socks
scar != socks
videos == videos
photos != videos
photos != videos
m != keyboard
m != keyboard
m != keyboard
sand == sand
beer != sand
beer != sand
jazz == jazz
disco != jazz
disco != jazz
lav == lav
sand != lav
lav == lav
chocolate == chocolate
pop != chocolate
pop != chocolate
yellow == yellow
red == red
red == red
cup == cup
drawer == drawer
drawer == drawer
Ed == Ed
D == D
D == D
house != shed
house == house
house == house
fence == fence
shed == shed
shed == shed
basket == basket
box == box
box == box
green == green
green != blue
the != blue
laundry == laundry
washing == washing
washing == washing
broken == broken
broken != rep
broken != rep
free == free
fr == fr
fr == fr
reception == reception
conference == conference
conference == conference
checking == checking
savings == savings
savings == savings
blue != green
blue == blue
blue == blue
Oxford == Oxford
Not == Not
Not == Not
Internal == Internal
Finance == Finance
Finance == Finance
A != Armen
Nag != A
A == A
templates == templates
docs != doc
templates != doc
right == right
left == left
left == left
Y == Y
X == X
X == X
box == box
basket == basket
basket == basket
right == right
left != right
left != right
cup == cup
drawer != cup
drawer != cup
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
D != Ed
shed == shed
house != shed
house != shed
fence == fence
shed != fence
shed != fence
box != basket
box != basket
box != basket
dry == dry
washing != dry
washing != dry
broken == broken
broken == broken
broken == broken
free == free
fr != free
fr != free
templates == templates
docs != templates
templates == templates
X != Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
chest != box
chest != box
yellow == yellow
red != yellow
red != yellow
counter != cup
shelf != cup
shelf != cup
box != basket
box != basket
box != basket
sofa == sofa
couch != sofa
couch != sofa
blue != green
blue != green
blue != green
Y == Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
basket != box
basket != box
yellow == yellow
red != yellow
red != yellow
cup == cup
drawer != cup
drawer != cup
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
D != Ed
shed == shed
house != shed
house != shed
neighbor != fence
one != fence
one != fence
basket == basket
basket == basket
box != basket
green == green
green == green
going != green
dry != laundry
washing != laundry
washing != laundry
broken == broken
broken == broken
broken == broken
free == free
fr != free
fr != free
reception == reception
conference != reception
conference != reception
checking == checking
savings != checking
savings != checking
Oxford == Oxford
Oxford == Oxford
Not != Oxford
Internal == Internal
Finance != Internal
Finance != Internal
A != Armen
A != Armen
A != Armen
templates == templates
docs != templates
templates == templates
Y == Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
basket != box
basket != box
yellow == yellow
yellow == yellow
_ != yellow
drawer != cup
drawer != cup
drawer != cup
Ed == Ed
D != Ed
Ed == Ed
shed == shed
shed == shed
house != shed
basket == basket
basket == basket
box != basket
green == green
green == green
green == green
laundry == laundry
laundry == laundry
washing != laundry
broken == broken
broken == broken
broken == broken
free == free
free == free
fr != free
conference != reception
conference != reception
conference != reception
savings != checking
checking == checking
savings != checking
Not == Not
Oxford != Not
Not == Not
Internal == Internal
Internal == Internal
Finance != Internal
templates == templates
templates == templates
templates == templates
X != Y
X != Y
X != Y
box == box
basket != box
basket != box
